readme.md, before:

Abortion is Infanticide (Browser extension)
===========================================

Add this extension to your browser, and the word "abortion" will be replaced with the word "infanticide" in all your websites.

### Browsers

- [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/abortion-is-infanticide/)
- [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/abortion-is-infanticide/geanaodefndkofegmpibffclindcdphm)

### Credit

Original code by [m59](https://github.com/m59peacemaker).
He used the word "murder".
I am using the word "infanticide", because I think it more closely captures what abortion is.
(Murder covers all ages, whereas infanticide covers a narrower age range.)

Also, if you read an article, and you see that someone does not want to outlaw murder, you might get confused.
But if you see the word "infanticide", then hopefully you will not get confused, and you will remember this extension.

As a slight bonus, I don't need to replace a/an.

The only downside I see is that "infanticide" might not evoke as strong of emotions.
(That's the reason to switch away from the term "abortion". It likely does not evoke as strong of emotions as the word "murder".)

### Build to a zip file

Prerequisite: Install 7-zip

Run `build.bat`

### License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Add link to gh-pages test page

readme.md, after:

Abortion is Infanticide (Browser extension)
===========================================

Add this extension to your browser, and the word "abortion" will be replaced with the word "infanticide" in all your websites.

### Browsers

- [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/abortion-is-infanticide/)
- [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/abortion-is-infanticide/geanaodefndkofegmpibffclindcdphm)

### Credit

Original code by [m59](https://github.com/m59peacemaker).
He used the word "murder".
I am using the word "infanticide", because I think it more closely captures what abortion is.
(Murder covers all ages, whereas infanticide covers a narrower age range.)

Also, if you read an article, and you see that someone does not want to outlaw murder, you might get confused.
But if you see the word "infanticide", then hopefully you will not get confused, and you will remember this extension.

As a slight bonus, I don't need to replace a/an.

The only downside I see is that "infanticide" might not evoke as strong of emotions.
(That's the reason to switch away from the term "abortion". It likely does not evoke as strong of emotions as the word "murder".)

### Build to a zip file

Prerequisite: Install 7-zip

Run `build.bat`

### Test

After installing the extension, open [this test page](https://artskydj.github.io/abortion-is-infanticide/test).

### License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
